Hey sister
Do you think the lady is beautiful? Come on.
I see your brother and him
It fits perfectly.
Mom, it's for you, not for a blind date
How can a silly child apologize for choosing to come at night?
Look at the way he looks at your brother
Your brother also has a company now.
I see them both
The more you look, the more suitable it is
Mom, you are messing around with mandarin ducks
I said, I'm sorry, our grim reaper.
Miss Guan, Miss Guan, why are you here?
Owner of Skycurtain Prodigy
You really hold your breath
Just don't say
Do you have to wait for this lady to come and point it out in person?
How do you know that?
We've already deciphered the words on the slate
And we have other slabs.
Tell me the information on the other slate
All under the sun
Only the owner of Tianmu Prodigy
To see the origin of this slate at a glance
That's the most valuable
Yeah, I'm just pretending
I just wanted to see it.
When can you explain the problem to me?
I really didn't expect it.
In such a short time
The relationship with Miss Hou has grown by leaps and bounds
Miss Hou, I'm so sorry.
Yang Ming will sooner or later be a member of our official family
I'm sorry, it really made your trip in vain.
Come with me ah ah ah
What's going on?
I don't know.
Can't go